Here, we have the sample code for triggers.
Since we have to use checkpointing mechanism which requires distributed file system,
we can't run this code in the workspace,
but if you were to implement this at your job,
it would look similar to this.
We'll have SparkSession.builder.
Also master which we have a stand alone.
You'll probably have to change this appname and a getorCreate.
We have this in the format of rate right now.
We're going to process just some random number
of rows and then ramp up time which gives you one
second.This is just to select a raw data that's coming in as your readStream.
We're always going to use the timestamp and the value.
Here, we have some default way of writing out to console.
But we're also using a checkpointing mechanism which requires distributed file system.
Here, we have the trigger option.
This is a Pythonic way of putting it.
So we're going to put once=true.
Obviously, if you don't have this parameter,
it defaults to false.
So here, we see the processing time in 20 seconds.
So this will always be in seconds.
These two also require checkpointing
location mechanism which also requires distributed file system.
For this, you can run any query, either once query,
processing time query to actually start your query and then you can append
the await termination function until it stops receiving the data.
There are many use cases to use trigger
but if you were to treat a continuous stream of badges,
you'll probably want to use processing time,
20 seconds, 30 seconds,
or even 200 seconds which will go above
a minute to manage trigger depending on your input data.